legend item's size (#36)
plotly/plotly.r-docs: r/2015-07-30-legend.Rmd

fig <- fig %>% add_trace(y = ~Tree5, name = 'Tree 5')
fig <- fig %>% layout(legend = l)

fig
```

### Size of Legend Items

> In this example [itemsizing](https://plot.ly/r/reference/#layout-legend-itemsizing) attribute determines the legend items symbols remain constant, regardless of how tiny/huge the bubbles would be in the graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, since the [itemsizing](https://plot.ly/r/reference/#layout-legend-itemsizing) attribute is set to `constant`, the size of legend items symbols remains the same, regardless of how tiny/huge the bubbles are in the graph.
```
